docs: add to `contributing.md` guidelines for new contributors (#1404)
asyncapi/generator: CONTRIBUTING.md

We use [All Contributors](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/specification) specification to handle recognitions. For more details read [this](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/blob/master/recognize-contributors.md) document.

> ## Guidelines for new contributors to the AsyncAPI Generator Repository 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Guidelines for new contributors
```

> 1. Read the [generator docs](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator) to get an overview of what the project is all about.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Read the [generator docs](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator) to get an overview of what the project is about.
```

> 2. While reading through the docs one might identify issues (e.g., maybe a link is not working, text formatting issues, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. While reading through the docs, one might identify issues (e.g., maybe a link is not working, text formatting issues, etc.).
```

> 2. While reading through the docs one might identify issues (e.g., maybe a link is not working, text formatting issues, etc.).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. While reading through the docs, one might identify issues (e.g., broken links, text formatting issues, etc.).
```

> 3. Some concepts in the documentation might not be presented clearly, so contributors can suggest improvements (e.g., adding more examples or code snippets to make the content more effective).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Some concepts in the documentation might not be presented clearly, so contributors can suggest improvements (e.g., adding more examples or code snippets to make the documentation easy to understand).
```

4. Familiarize yourself with the project's structure by reviewing the source code and understanding the roles of different files and components.

> 5. Testing is one of the areas where new contributors can contribute, as running tests reveals uncovered lines in a particular file (i.e., a **test coverage report**).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Testing is one of the areas where new contributors can contribute, as running tests reveals uncovered lines in a particular file (e.g. a **test coverage report**).
```

> 6. You can then try to add tests for those uncovered lines (e.g., a function within a file might not be covered). For reference, you can check out [PR](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/pull/1379).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. You can then try to add tests for those uncovered lines (e.g., a function within a file might not be covered). For reference, you can check out this [PR](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/pull/1379).
```

> 7. Instead of creating entirely new tests, consider enhancing existing ones by adding more edge cases (e.g., if only a few test cases are written, consider including additional scenarios).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Instead of creating entirely new tests, consider enhancing existing ones by adding more edge cases to include additional test scenarios.
```

> 8. We encourage contributors to help improve code quality by reviewing reported issues on [SonarCloud](https://sonarcloud.io/project/issues?issueStatuses=OPEN%2CCONFIRMED&id=asyncapi_generator). Contributors can help by reviewing reported issues and suggested improvements, identifying false reported issues that may need removal, and proposing fixes for valid issues to enhance the codebase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8. We encourage contributors to help improve code quality by reviewing reported issues on [SonarCloud](https://sonarcloud.io/project/issues?issueStatuses=OPEN%2CCONFIRMED&id=asyncapi_generator) and suggesting improvements, identifying false reported issues that may need to be  removed, and proposing fixes for valid issues.
```

## Few tips for effective contributions

> 1. Understanding how the Generator works is key to making valuable contributions. You can start by actively following along and executing the steps given in the [tutorial on creating a template](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/generator-template). Hands-on practice will provide you with a comprehensive understanding of how the Generator processes templates and allow you to experiment with customization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Understanding how the Generator works is key to making valuable contributions. You can start by actively following along and executing the steps given in the [generator template tutorial](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/tools/generator/generator-template). Hands-on practice will provide you with a comprehensive understanding of how the Generator processes templates and allow you to experiment with customization.
```
